I want to fool the past by typing and scolding twice
What I said at the Fengxi Banquet will not be repeated a second time
From today onwards
There are no more two exiles in Qinzhou
Miss Yue, please forgive me.
Miss Yue
Beg me for mercy
You don't think I'm soft-hearted.
No no no not begging for mercy
It's not me, my Wang family is willing to donate all the property of my Wang family to charity
As for him
Ah, do it yourself and use the frontier?
shut up
Ah, and me.
And my Liu family
My Liu family is willing to donate all their property
Only this inverse
I'll send it to the frontier.
Serve your country
Dad, I don't want to go to the front line to kill you
Aren't you curious about who Yan Ninghan is?
I'll tell you what.
He is the absolute protagonist of the Fengxi banquet
The wife of Chen Dashao, a newly wealthy family in Shangjing City
Even the female emperor was kind to him in the Qing Dynasty
Your Wang Liu family did not go bankrupt with our Fang family
That's because your boss knelt down and begged for mercy on Fengxin Ye
Bitterly begged
It's all right now.
How is it worse than me?
It's over.
It's all over now
Then do as you say
Miss Xie Ye
Thank you Miss Ye Thank you
It's your turn.